1. INTRO

    Hi, welcome to the experiment.
    We are conducting a project for a university course.
    We are studying the impact of different Infotainment Systems on attention while driving.

    For this experiments you will not be asked to drive but we will need you to sit in a stationary car and perform some tasks.
    
    Since we are studying attention we use some eye tracking software in order to estimate what you are looking at during the experiment,
    to do this we need to record video of the tasks thorugh a webcam.
    These videos will not be shared with anyone, and will be analyzed automatically by an algorithm.
    Is this ok with you?

    NOTE: ??*sign informed consent*??

    The experiment will consists in a series of trials.
    In each trial, we will ask you to play a game on the screen in front of you using a joystick.
    At the same time we are also going to ask you to perform some tasks on the screen of the car.

    Any questions?

1.5 INTRO QUESTIONNAIRE

    Before we start we need you to fill this questionnarie.

2. FAMILIARIZATION

    Ok, so, the game you will be playing is very simple.
    On the screen there is a ball and a triangle,
    the ball moves randomly from side to side,
    you control the triangle, 
    and you can move it from side to side with the joystick.
    your goal is to move the triangle so that it always stays under the ball.

    Do you have any questions?

    Ok let's start with some practice runs, to get you familiar with the game.
    Hold the controller with your left hand. (!!!!!IMPORTANT!!!!)
    The game lasts for 45 seconds. Follow the ball, do the best you can.

    Ok, let's do it again

    Last practice run

3. CONTROL

    Ok, let's do it again one last time, this time we will record your score.

4. TASKS

    Ok, 
    now I'll ask you to do the same thing, 
    however now, at the same time we will also need you execute some tasks on this touch-screen.
    Now you have no time limit.
    Any questions?

    NOTE: what do we do if the guy asks for help/asks questions during the task?
    NOTE: what do we do if the guy makes a mistake?

TASK: NAVIGATION

    The tas is this:
        You are traveling to Rome but don't know the way to get there.
        //then add a stop going through Milan
        or
        //avoiding tolls 

TASK: MUSIC

   The task is this:
        You want to play a song from the playlist "Favourites" //maybe just say from a playlist (general)??

TASK CALL

    The task is this:
        You want to call your friend Bill Gates